(GH-2764) Add 'background' and 'wait' plan functions (#2810)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/experimental_features.md

> **NOTE**: The same cache and cache configuration is used for the `resolve_reference()` plan
function.

## Parallelism in Bolt plans

The `parallelize()` plan function was introduced in [Bolt
2.35.0](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/tree/main/CHANGELOG.md#bolt-2350-2020-11-16).

> The `background()` and `wait()` plan functions were introduced in [Bolt 3.9.0](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/tree/main/CHANGELOG.md#bolt-390-2021-05-24).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `background()` and `wait()` plan functions were introduced in [Bolt 3.9.0](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/tree/main/CHANGELOG.md#bolt-390-2021-05-25).
```

```

In the example above, `target3` has to wait for `hostname` to finish on `target1` and `target2`
before it can run `whoami`.

While useful, this form of parallelism is limited. Bolt plans have a few methods that allow a block
of plan steps to execute in the background while other parts of the plan execute in parallel:
* The *background* plan function will begin executing a block of code in parellel with the main plan
  and other backgrounded code blocks. This is great for use cases where you want to start a process
  and don't care about the results, or don't need the results until much later in the plan. This
  function returns a [Future](bolt_types_reference.md#Future) object so that the result can be
  accessed later in the plan.

> * The *wait* function is a sister to `background`, it accepts a Future or array of Futures and
>   blocks until they are finished, then returns the results.
> * The *parallelize* function accepts an array and a block of plan steps, and then creates a Future
>   for each 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `wait` function is a sister to `background`, it accepts a Future or array of Futures and
  blocks until they are finished, then returns the results.
* The `parallelize` function accepts an array and a block of plan steps, and then creates a Future
  for each block in the array.
```

```

In the example above, `target3` has to wait for `hostname` to finish on `target1` and `target2`
before it can run `whoami`.

While useful, this form of parallelism is limited. Bolt plans have a few methods that allow a block
of plan steps to execute in the background while other parts of the plan execute in parallel:
* The `background` plan function begins executing a block of code in parellel with the main plan
  and other backgrounded code blocks. This is great for use cases where you want to start a process
  and don't care about the results, or don't need the results until much later in the plan. This
  function returns a [Future](bolt_types_reference.md#Future) object so that the result can be
  accessed later in the plan.

> * The `wait` function is a sister to `background`, it accepts a Future or array of Futures and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `wait` function is a sister to `background`. It accepts a Future or array of Futures and
```

  blocks until they are finished, optionally with a timeout, then returns the results.
* The `parallelize` function accepts an array and a block of plan steps, and then creates a Future
  for each block in the array. It blocks until all the Futures have finished.

These two function invocations are equivalent:
```
# 
parallelize(['./file1', './file2']) |$file| {
  file_upload($file, '/home/user/', $targets)
  ...
}

# Is equivalent to
['./file1', './file2'].map |$file| {
  background() || {
    file_upload($file,...)
    ...
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't the second example have a `wait` call to make these functionally equivalent?

```
['./file1', './file2'].map |$file| {
  background() || {
    file_upload($file,...)
    ...
  }
}.wait
```

Author: Oh my gosh good eye! Definitely.

### `background()` and `wait()` plan functions

The `background()` plan function creates a new Future object, and begins running the code block in
the background in parallel with the main plan and other backgrounded code blocks. The function
accepts an optional name for the Future to make log messages easier to follow.

> The code block has access to all existing variables when it's created, and has its own scope so any
> new variables are not accessible outside the code block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code block has access to all existing variables when it's created and has its own scope, so any
new variables are not accessible outside the code block.
```

out::message($result)
```

Similarly, using `wait()`:
```
$ts = get_targets($targets)
$futures = $ts.each |$target| {
  background() || {
    if $target.name == 'target1' {
      return "Don't run the task on this target"
    }
    run_task('task1', $target)
    run_command('hostname', $target)
  }
}
$result = wait($futures)

# This will print ["Don't run the task on this target", "target2", "target3"]
out::message($result)
```

If any step of the block errors, Bolt stops executing the block for that target, but continues
executing for all other targets from the input array. When the block finishes, if there is an error
in the result array, the plan throws a `PlanFailure` and includes the entire result array in the
`details` key of the failure. If the block is wrapped in a `catch_errors()` block, Bolt catches the

> `PlanFailure` and continues executing the plan. For `wait()`, if `_catch_errors => true` is
> provided then any errors raised will be returned and the plan will continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PlanFailure` and continues to execute the plan. If you've provided `_catch_errors => true`
to `wait()`, Bolt returns any errors raised and the plan continues to execute.
```
